api_key_usage		account_id		bigint
api_key_usage		customer_id		text
api_key_usage		api_key		uuid
api_key_usage		usage_count		bigint
api_key_usage		ip		text
api_key_usage		timestamp		timestamp without time zone
api_keys		account_id		bigint
api_keys		api_key		uuid
api_keys		customer_id		text
api_keys		subscription_id		text
competitive_rank		account_id		bigint
competitive_rank		rating		integer
cosmetics		item_id		integer
cosmetics		name		text
cosmetics		prefab		text
cosmetics		creation_date		timestamp with time zone
cosmetics		image_inventory		text
cosmetics		image_path		text
cosmetics		item_description		text
cosmetics		item_name		text
cosmetics		item_rarity		text
cosmetics		item_type_name		text
cosmetics		used_by_heroes		text
hero_ranking		account_id		bigint
hero_ranking		hero_id		integer
hero_ranking		score		double precision
hero_search		match_id		bigint
hero_search		teama		ARRAY
hero_search		teamb		ARRAY
hero_search		teamawin		boolean
hero_search		start_time		integer
heroes		id		integer
heroes		name		text
heroes		localized_name		text
heroes		primary_attr		text
heroes		attack_type		text
heroes		roles		ARRAY
heroes		legs		integer
items		id		integer
items		name		text
items		cost		integer
items		secret_shop		smallint
items		side_shop		smallint
items		recipe		smallint
items		localized_name		text
leaderboard_rank		account_id		bigint
leaderboard_rank		rating		integer
leagues		leagueid		bigint
leagues		ticket		character varying
leagues		banner		character varying
leagues		tier		character varying
leagues		name		character varying
match_gcdata		match_id		bigint
match_gcdata		cluster		integer
match_gcdata		replay_salt		integer
match_gcdata		series_id		integer
match_gcdata		series_type		integer
match_logs		match_id		bigint
match_logs		time		integer
match_logs		type		character varying
match_logs		team		smallint
match_logs		unit		character varying
match_logs		key		character varying
match_logs		value		integer
match_logs		slot		smallint
match_logs		player_slot		smallint
match_logs		player1		integer
match_logs		player2		integer
match_logs		attackerhero		boolean
match_logs		targethero		boolean
match_logs		attackerillusion		boolean
match_logs		targetillusion		boolean
match_logs		inflictor		character varying
match_logs		gold_reason		smallint
match_logs		xp_reason		smallint
match_logs		valuename		character varying
match_logs		gold		integer
match_logs		lh		integer
match_logs		xp		integer
match_logs		x		smallint
match_logs		y		smallint
match_logs		z		smallint
match_logs		entityleft		boolean
match_logs		ehandle		integer
match_logs		stuns		real
match_logs		hero_id		smallint
match_logs		life_state		smallint
match_logs		level		smallint
match_logs		kills		smallint
match_logs		deaths		smallint
match_logs		assists		smallint
match_logs		denies		smallint
match_logs		attackername_slot		smallint
match_logs		targetname_slot		smallint
match_logs		sourcename_slot		smallint
match_logs		targetsourcename_slot		smallint
match_logs		player1_slot		smallint
match_logs		attackername		character varying
match_logs		targetname		character varying
match_logs		sourcename		character varying
match_logs		targetsourcename		character varying
match_logs		obs_placed		integer
match_logs		sen_placed		integer
match_logs		creeps_stacked		integer
match_logs		camps_stacked		integer
match_logs		rune_pickups		integer
match_patch		match_id		bigint
match_patch		patch		text
matches		match_id		bigint
matches		match_seq_num		bigint
matches		radiant_win		boolean
matches		start_time		integer
matches		duration		integer
matches		tower_status_radiant		integer
matches		tower_status_dire		integer
matches		barracks_status_radiant		integer
matches		barracks_status_dire		integer
matches		cluster		integer
matches		first_blood_time		integer
matches		lobby_type		integer
matches		human_players		integer
matches		leagueid		integer
matches		positive_votes		integer
matches		negative_votes		integer
matches		game_mode		integer
matches		engine		integer
matches		picks_bans		ARRAY
matches		radiant_team_id		integer
matches		dire_team_id		integer
matches		radiant_team_name		character varying
matches		dire_team_name		character varying
matches		radiant_team_complete		smallint
matches		dire_team_complete		smallint
matches		radiant_captain		bigint
matches		dire_captain		bigint
matches		chat		ARRAY
matches		objectives		ARRAY
matches		radiant_gold_adv		ARRAY
matches		radiant_xp_adv		ARRAY
matches		teamfights		ARRAY
matches		version		integer
matches		cosmetics		json
matches		radiant_score		integer
matches		dire_score		integer
matches		draft_timings		ARRAY
matches		series_id		integer
matches		series_type		integer
mmr_estimates		account_id		bigint
mmr_estimates		estimate		integer
notable_players		account_id		bigint
notable_players		name		character varying
notable_players		country_code		character varying
notable_players		fantasy_role		integer
notable_players		team_id		integer
notable_players		team_name		character varying
notable_players		team_tag		character varying
notable_players		is_locked		boolean
notable_players		is_pro		boolean
notable_players		locked_until		integer
parsed_matches		match_id		bigint
picks_bans		match_id		bigint
picks_bans		is_pick		boolean
picks_bans		hero_id		integer
picks_bans		team		smallint
picks_bans		ord		smallint
player_matches		match_id		bigint
player_matches		account_id		bigint
player_matches		player_slot		integer
player_matches		hero_id		integer
player_matches		item_0		integer
player_matches		item_1		integer
player_matches		item_2		integer
player_matches		item_3		integer
player_matches		item_4		integer
player_matches		item_5		integer
player_matches		kills		integer
player_matches		deaths		integer
player_matches		assists		integer
player_matches		leaver_status		integer
player_matches		gold		integer
player_matches		last_hits		integer
player_matches		denies		integer
player_matches		gold_per_min		integer
player_matches		xp_per_min		integer
player_matches		gold_spent		integer
player_matches		hero_damage		integer
player_matches		tower_damage		bigint
player_matches		hero_healing		bigint
player_matches		level		integer
player_matches		additional_units		ARRAY
player_matches		stuns		real
player_matches		max_hero_hit		json
player_matches		times		ARRAY
player_matches		gold_t		ARRAY
player_matches		lh_t		ARRAY
player_matches		xp_t		ARRAY
player_matches		obs_log		ARRAY
player_matches		sen_log		ARRAY
player_matches		purchase_log		ARRAY
player_matches		kills_log		ARRAY
player_matches		buyback_log		ARRAY
player_matches		lane_pos		json
player_matches		obs		json
player_matches		sen		json
player_matches		actions		json
player_matches		pings		json
player_matches		purchase		json
player_matches		gold_reasons		json
player_matches		xp_reasons		json
player_matches		killed		json
player_matches		item_uses		json
player_matches		ability_uses		json
player_matches		hero_hits		json
player_matches		damage		json
player_matches		damage_taken		json
player_matches		damage_inflictor		json
player_matches		runes		json
player_matches		killed_by		json
player_matches		kill_streaks		json
player_matches		multi_kills		json
player_matches		life_state		json
player_matches		damage_inflictor_received		json
player_matches		obs_placed		integer
player_matches		sen_placed		integer
player_matches		creeps_stacked		integer
player_matches		camps_stacked		integer
player_matches		rune_pickups		integer
player_matches		obs_left_log		ARRAY
player_matches		sen_left_log		ARRAY
player_matches		ability_upgrades_arr		ARRAY
player_matches		party_id		integer
player_matches		permanent_buffs		ARRAY
player_matches		backpack_0		integer
player_matches		backpack_1		integer
player_matches		backpack_2		integer
player_matches		runes_log		ARRAY
player_matches		lane		integer
player_matches		lane_role		integer
player_matches		is_roaming		boolean
player_matches		firstblood_claimed		integer
player_matches		teamfight_participation		real
player_matches		towers_killed		integer
player_matches		roshans_killed		integer
player_matches		observers_placed		integer
player_matches		party_size		integer
player_matches		ability_targets		json
player_matches		damage_targets		json
player_matches		dn_t		ARRAY
player_matches		connection_log		ARRAY
player_matches		backpack_3		integer
player_matches		item_neutral		integer
player_matches		net_worth		integer
player_ratings		account_id		bigint
player_ratings		match_id		bigint
player_ratings		solo_competitive_rank		integer
player_ratings		competitive_rank		integer
player_ratings		time		timestamp with time zone
players		account_id		bigint
players		steamid		character varying
players		avatar		character varying
players		avatarmedium		character varying
players		avatarfull		character varying
players		profileurl		character varying
players		personaname		character varying
players		last_login		timestamp with time zone
players		full_history_time		timestamp with time zone
players		cheese		integer
players		fh_unavailable		boolean
players		loccountrycode		character varying
players		last_match_time		timestamp with time zone
players		plus		boolean
public_matches		match_id		bigint
public_matches		match_seq_num		bigint
public_matches		radiant_win		boolean
public_matches		start_time		integer
public_matches		duration		integer
public_matches		avg_mmr		integer
public_matches		num_mmr		integer
public_matches		lobby_type		integer
public_matches		game_mode		integer
public_matches		avg_rank_tier		double precision
public_matches		num_rank_tier		integer
public_matches		cluster		integer
public_player_matches		match_id		bigint
public_player_matches		player_slot		integer
public_player_matches		hero_id		integer
queue		id		bigint
queue		type		text
queue		timestamp		timestamp with time zone
queue		attempts		integer
queue		data		json
queue		next_attempt_time		timestamp with time zone
queue		priority		integer
rank_tier		account_id		bigint
rank_tier		rating		integer
rank_tier_2019_1		account_id		bigint
rank_tier_2019_1		rating		integer
scenarios		hero_id		smallint
scenarios		item		text
scenarios		time		integer
scenarios		lane_role		smallint
scenarios		games		bigint
scenarios		wins		bigint
scenarios		epoch_week		integer
solo_competitive_rank		account_id		bigint
solo_competitive_rank		rating		integer
subscriber		account_id		bigint
subscriber		customer_id		character varying
subscriber		status		character varying
subscriptions		account_id		bigint
subscriptions		customer_id		character varying
subscriptions		amount		integer
subscriptions		active_until		date
team_match		team_id		bigint
team_match		match_id		bigint
team_match		radiant		boolean
team_rating		team_id		bigint
team_rating		rating		real
team_rating		wins		integer
team_rating		losses		integer
team_rating		last_match_time		bigint
team_scenarios		scenario		text
team_scenarios		is_radiant		boolean
team_scenarios		region		smallint
team_scenarios		games		bigint
team_scenarios		wins		bigint
team_scenarios		epoch_week		integer
teams		team_id		bigint
teams		name		character varying
teams		tag		character varying
teams		logo_url		text
user_usage		account_id		bigint
user_usage		ip		text
user_usage		usage_count		bigint
user_usage		timestamp		timestamp without time zone
webhooks		hook_id		uuid
webhooks		account_id		bigint
webhooks		url		text
webhooks		subscriptions		jsonb
